---
tags:
- Label/Linguistics-语言学/English/Resource
---

500 words

12B.GE2 More patterns with comparatives 视频**无法下载**

【Context】
 Unit 1 Lesson A - Speed-friending
 Unit 1 Lesson B - Networking
 Unit 1 Lesson C - And why's that?
 Unit 1 Lesson D - Online footprints
 Unit 2 Lesson A - Celebrity culture
 Unit 2 Lesson B - The impact of TV
 Unit 2 Lesson C - You know what gets me?
 Unit 2 Lesson D - A bad influence
 Unit 3 Lesson A - Highlights
 Unit 3 Lesson B - Life lessons
 Unit 3 Lesson C - Anyway, back to my story …
 Unit 3 Lesson D - Good fiction
 Checkpoint 1 Units 1-3
 Unit 4 Lesson A - Stand out from the crowd!
 Unit 4 Lesson B - Perks and benefits
 Unit 4 Lesson C - Obviously, …
 Unit 4 Lesson D - Ace that interview!
 Unit 5 Lesson A - Giving away your things
 Unit 5 Lesson B - A better future?
 Unit 5 Lesson C - What if …?
 Unit 5 Lesson D - Mercy Ships
 Unit 6 Lesson A - The future of money
 Unit 6 Lesson B - Presenting the future
 Unit 6 Lesson C - I would think …
 Unit 6 Lesson D - Future news
 Checkpoint 2 Units 4-6
 Unit 7 Lesson A - House rules
 Unit 7 Lesson B - Does family size matter?
 Unit 7 Lesson C - What I mean is …
 Unit 7 Lesson D - How not to get along!
 Unit 8 Lesson A - Vertical farming
 Unit 8 Lesson B - Food for Health
 Unit 8 Lesson C - Why do they do that?
 Unit 8 Lesson D - Where did all the bees go?
 Unit 9 Lesson A - Successful people
 Unit 9 Lesson B - Happy moments
 Unit 9 Lesson C - As far as happiness goes,
 Unit 9 Lesson D - The politics of happiness
 Checkpoint 3 Units 7-9
 Unit 10 Lesson A - Travel blog
 Unit 10 Lesson B - I never travel without it!
 Unit 10 Lesson C - So what you're saying is …
 Unit 10 Lesson D - Global tourism
 Unit 11 Lesson A - Weddings
 Unit 11 Lesson B - Gift giving
 Unit 11 Lesson C - It’s kind of bizarre!
 Unit 11 Lesson D - Threats to culture
 Unit 12 Lesson A - Intelligence
 Unit 12 Lesson B - Improving skills
 Unit 12 Lesson C - … and all that.
 Unit 12 Lesson D - Ability, not disability
 Checkpoint 4 Units 10-12
 